Now let's take a look at what we're doing to cowardness course.
And this course as we always do with our AWOS with Python and both all three series we're going to work
on a WS with Python and they both through three API of AWOS.
So in this course of course I'll explain everything I do and everything I create against the API and
the every piece of code that I write on my ID.
But it is of course nice to know what AWOS lambda service is.
So as you know AWOS lambda is the surrealists application framework from A W-S with AWOS lambda.
You don't have to worry about the infrastructure or the resources that you need to run your code with
AWOS lambda.
All you have to do is to write your code and that is basically all you have to worry about.
You just simply deploy your code to A W-S and AWOS takes care of running and managing your code lifecycle
for you.
So it is basically a managed service managed application framework service from A W-S.
It is fundamentally the function runtime framework from a US both on the startup world and in the of
course enterprise world.
AWOS Lumba is in the heart of Sorrells applications.
So without A.W. as Lamda you don't have the actual benefit of runtime was cloud AWOS lambda gives you
the benefit you don't have to worry about your infrastructure.
All you have to worry about your code and implementation.
So that's basically the philosophy behind a W-S lambda.
And as we do all OPAR code again.
AWOS with using no jast Python and Java.
You'll see how easy it is to create and deploy our code to AWOS So again just to get your attention
here.
This is a very hands on course within this course.
We're not going to do anything manually.
We only go to AWOS console to verify our actions our implementation and our API calls the rest of the
Course is going to be very hands on.
And we're going to of course develop our AWOS solution for AWOS Lamba from scratch using Python and
both all three.
And of course while we do that we're going to make use of an ID and for that purpose I'm going to use
pi charm ID and just to mention that again will not do anything manually.
It will all be automated with Python.
And of course both are three.
So now let's take a look at what we're going to build in this course so I'll see you on the next video.